
An American woman who went on the run for six years rather than
face jail over a fatal DUI has been linked to a second death -
after allegedly treating a backpacker with an 'African potion'
at a backstreet Thai clinic. Kelly Lynn Miller, 36 - a former
Alabama stripper and prostitute - was handed a five-year
sentence for mowing down truck driver Donald Goodwin, 56, in
2004. Miller was released on $50,000 appeal bond in 2009 but
fled to Thailand, where she changed her name to Bea, switched
from blonde to brunette and threw away her U.S. passport.
Brazen: Kelly Lynn Miller, a 36-year-old fugitive, was pictured
topping up her lip gloss at a press conference after being
hauled in front of the media following her six-year flight from
justice in Thailand . Victim: Brodie Smith went to Thailand with
his girlfreind Kara Spark to attempt to kick drugs. He died
after taking ibogaine at a 'clinic' run by Victor Cracknell and
Mike Picone, his mother and girlfriend said. The fugitive, who
gave birth to a baby boy while on the run, was finally captured
this week and faces being deported to the U.S. to serve her
original five-year jail term. However Daily Mail Online can
reveal she is also linked to another fatality involving a man
who died after undergoing an experimental drug treatment at an
unregistered Thai clinic. Australian Brodie Smith, 33, checked
into the Ibogaine Thailand retreat on Koh Phangan island to try
to kick his methamphetamine addiction. Miller – a former nanny
with no formal medical training - is said to have worked there
as an assistant to two American expats. Victim: Miller killed
Donald Goodwin, left, when she drunkenly smashed into his
tractor-trailer in Alabama in 2004. Miller is pictured right in
a mugshot from the time, when she was 26 . Former life: Pictured
is the gentlemen's club in Birmingham, Alabama, where Miller
allegedly worked before fleeing to Thailand . All three have
been accused of administering Smith with ibogaine, a dangerous
herbal hallucinogen derived from an African tree. The mother of
an Australasian who died after attending the clinic says Kelly
Lynn Miller was involved with it and Cracknell was the father
of her baby . Bill Veitch, the chief deputy district attorney
who originally prosecuted Miller said she would likely have
only served half of her five-year jail sentence for killing Mr
Goodwin had she gone straight to prison. With good behaviour he
predicts Miller will now serve the full five years - thought
probably not any more. ‘If she had stayed here she would have
likely been out in less than three years,' he told Daily Mail
Online. ‘Now she's got a two-month-old child, honestly I think
her capture is a blessing for that child that can now grow up
here and a normal life. ‘It really hurt Donald Goodwin’s family
when she ran. They are just profoundly grateful to the U.S.
Marshals for tracking her down.’ Root: Ibogaine is made from
this root, of a plant found on the banks of a river in Nigeria.
It is illegal in the United States and Australia and regarded as
a severe health risk for its hallucinogenic effects .

