
Brett Pitman bagged a first-half hat-trick as Bournemouth
coasted past Blackpool 4-0 to return to the top of the
Championship. The Cherries were in cruise control at the
Goldsands as they secured their third straight victory which
condemned the Tangerines to a fifth consecutive defeat.
Basement side Blackpool came in search of their first win in
eight matches but any hopes were dashed after just 10 minutes.
Brett Pitman fires Bournemouth into the lead at Goldsands as he
scored a first-half hat-trick on Saturday . BOURNEMOUTH (4-4-2):
Boruc; Francis, Elphick (Stanislas 63), Cook, Daniels; Ritchie,
MacDonald, Surman, Pugh (Smith 62); Pitman, Wilson (Rantie 79)
Subs not used: Camp, Rantie, Fraser, Ward, O'Kane . Scorers:
Pitman 10,36 and 39, Wilson pen 49 . Booked: Elphick, Ritchie .
BLACKPOOL (4-4-1-1): Parish; Barkhuizen (McMahon 61), Aldred,
Hall, Dunne; Orlandi, Oliver (Cubero Loria 54), Perkins, Jacobs
(Ferguson 71); Delfouneso, Madine . Booked: Barkhuizen, McMahon
. Referee: Chris Sarginson . Attendance: 10,013 . Jersey-born
striker Pitman was afforded time and space to run past a sea of
Tangerine players before slotting past goalkeeper Elliot Parish.
Pitman turned down Blackpool in favour of a move to Bristol City
in 2010 and ensured the Seasiders - without an away win all
season - had another miserable trip home. Blackpool's first
attack on Artur Boruc's goal came after 22 minutes when
debutant Michael Jacobs won his side a corner which came to
nothing. Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could have doubled
his side's lead after 28 minutes but he headed over from a Matt
Ritchie free-kick. Tangerines supporters jeered their side and
chairman Karl Oyston throughout and had only Andrea Orlandi's
wayward effort to get excited about. Pitman (centre) runs away
in celebration as the Blackpool players watch on in frustration
at Goldsands . He scooped over after Nathan Delfouneso
backheeled for the Seasiders skipper after 31 minutes. A minute
later Tom Aldred cleared the ball after Ritchie had teed up
Pitman inside the box. But Pitman was not kept at bay long and
scored two goals in two minutes to complete his hat-trick
inside 39 minutes. The Cherries striker first headed back
across goal from a Ritchie cross before drilling low past
Parish from a free-kick routine. Eddie Howe's side continued
their dominance in the second period as they found the net once
more four minutes into the second-half. Blackpool midfielder
Orlandi tripped winger Marc Pugh in the box and Callum Wilson
scored his 19th of the season from the resulting spot-kick.
Blackpool manager Lee Clark instructs his side during the
comprehensive 4-0 defeat at Bournemouth . Ritchie easily evaded
Tangerines defender Charles Dunne before finding Pitman once
more who skewed over on 59 minutes. Bournemouth were in total
control and manager Howe even opted to withdraw skipper Elphick
after just an hour as the Cherries began to ease off.
Substitutes Junior Stanislas and Adam Smith did combine with
the latter's effort forcing Parish into a smart save with 15
minutes to go. Smith then ran past Dunne before the legs of
Parish kept out his effort. The Tangerines are the lowest
scorers in the division and failed to register a single shot on
target at the Goldsands. Blackpool striker Delfouneso went
closest when he headed wide on 78 minutes after Orlandi whipped
in a free-kick. The Cherries won 6-1 away at Blackpool in
December and almost echoed that goal haul when Stanislas and
Pitman both went close in the final minutes before Blackpool
defender Aldred blazed over his stoppage-time effort.

Twitter is being sued by a former female engineer who claims she
was overlooked for promotion in favour of her male colleagues.
Tina Huang's proposed class action for sex discrimination comes
as male-dominated Silicon Valley has been rocked by two other
high profile lawsuits. In the complaint, filed in San Francisco
on Thursday, Miss Huang has accused the microblogging site of
discriminating against women in the way it promotes its
employees. In the papers, she claims the firm has no formal
procedure for posting job vacancies or granting promotions.
Twitter is being sued by a former female engineer Tina Huang
for gender discrimination . Instead, she says the company
relies on a secretive 'shoulder tap' process that allows few
women to achieve the top engineering positions. In the legal
papers Miss Huang allegedly argues that 79 per cent of
Twitter's leadership team is male, according to Mashable. Miss
Hiss Huang complained to Twitter CEO Dick Costolo, pictured .
Miss Hunag is one of Twitter's oldest employees after joining
the firm in October 2009. She was put on leave after she raised
a grievance with CEO Dick Costolo about her lack of promotion
and quit in June 2014. 'Despite being one of Twitter's oldest
employees, Ms. Huang's career at Twitter was irreparably
derailed for making a complaint, court documents says,
according to Business Insider. 'After three months without
explanation as to the status of the investigation, or mention
of any possible time frame for her return to work, she felt she
had no choice but to leave the company for the sake of her
career.' She is now seeking other employees at the firm who
feel they have been passed over for promotion to join her in
the lawsuit. A spokesman for Twitter said Miss Huang had
resigned and was not forced out. 'Twitter is deeply committed
to a diverse and supportive workplace, and we believe the facts
will show Ms Huang was treated fairly,' they said. Miss Huang
started her legal action as the case was being heard of Ellen
Pao, a former partner at venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins
Caulfield and Byers, who is suing for sexual discrimination.
During the high-profile trial in San Francisco she has claimed
she was passed over for promotion because she is a woman. She
alleges that she was fired in 2012 after she complained. The
firm deny her claims of sexual discrimination and harassment.
At the weekend a judge denied a request by lawyers for Kleiner
Perkins Caufield & Byers to have Pao's demand for unspecified
punitive damages thrown out. Judge Harold Kahn said: 'There is
sufficient evidence from which a reasonable juror could
conclude that Kleiner Perkins engaged in intentional gender
discrimination by failing to promote Ms. Pao and terminating
her employment,' the judge said in the one-paragraph decision.
Pao can seek punitive damages that could add millions of
dollars to a possible verdict in her favour. She is seeking $16
million in lost wages and bonuses. Meanwhile, Facebook is also
facing a lawsuit from former employee and program manager Chia
Hong. According to the complaint she has filed with San Mateo
Court, she was belittled by her boss for taking time off to
volunteer at her children's school, forced to served drinks to
male co-workers and told she should have just stayed home to
take care of her child. Ellen Pao, a former partner at Kleiner
Perkins Caufield & Byers, pictured left, and Chia Hong, a
former Facebook employee, pictured right,  have put the spot
light on gender discrimination in Silicon Valley . A Facebook
spokesperson denied the allegations and told Recode that the
company has made progress in matters related to gender,
diversity, and equality. 'In this case we have substantive
disagreements on the facts,' the spokesperson said 'and we
believe the record shows the employee was treated fairly.'

Brett Pitman bagged a first-half hat-trick as Bournemouth
coasted past Blackpool 4-0 to return to the top of the
Championship. The Cherries were in cruise control at the
Goldsands as they secured their third straight victory which
condemned the Tangerines to a fifth consecutive defeat.
Basement side Blackpool came in search of their first win in
eight matches but any hopes were dashed after just 10 minutes.
Brett Pitman fires Bournemouth into the lead at Goldsands as he
scored a first-half hat-trick on Saturday . BOURNEMOUTH (4-4-2):
Boruc; Francis, Elphick (Stanislas 63), Cook, Daniels; Ritchie,
MacDonald, Surman, Pugh (Smith 62); Pitman, Wilson (Rantie 79)
Subs not used: Camp, Rantie, Fraser, Ward, O'Kane . Scorers:
Pitman 10,36 and 39, Wilson pen 49 . Booked: Elphick, Ritchie .
BLACKPOOL (4-4-1-1): Parish; Barkhuizen (McMahon 61), Aldred,
Hall, Dunne; Orlandi, Oliver (Cubero Loria 54), Perkins, Jacobs
(Ferguson 71); Delfouneso, Madine . Booked: Barkhuizen, McMahon
. Referee: Chris Sarginson . Attendance: 10,013 . Jersey-born
striker Pitman was afforded time and space to run past a sea of
Tangerine players before slotting past goalkeeper Elliot Parish.
Pitman turned down Blackpool in favour of a move to Bristol City
in 2010 and ensured the Seasiders - without an away win all
season - had another miserable trip home. Blackpool's first
attack on Artur Boruc's goal came after 22 minutes when
debutant Michael Jacobs won his side a corner which came to
nothing. Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could have doubled
his side's lead after 28 minutes but he headed over from a Matt
Ritchie free-kick. Tangerines supporters jeered their side and
chairman Karl Oyston throughout and had only Andrea Orlandi's
wayward effort to get excited about. Pitman (centre) runs away
in celebration as the Blackpool players watch on in frustration
at Goldsands . He scooped over after Nathan Delfouneso
backheeled for the Seasiders skipper after 31 minutes. A minute
later Tom Aldred cleared the ball after Ritchie had teed up
Pitman inside the box. But Pitman was not kept at bay long and
scored two goals in two minutes to complete his hat-trick
inside 39 minutes. The Cherries striker first headed back
across goal from a Ritchie cross before drilling low past
Parish from a free-kick routine. Eddie Howe's side continued
their dominance in the second period as they found the net once
more four minutes into the second-half. Blackpool midfielder
Orlandi tripped winger Marc Pugh in the box and Callum Wilson
scored his 19th of the season from the resulting spot-kick.
Blackpool manager Lee Clark instructs his side during the
comprehensive 4-0 defeat at Bournemouth . Ritchie easily evaded
Tangerines defender Charles Dunne before finding Pitman once
more who skewed over on 59 minutes. Bournemouth were in total
control and manager Howe even opted to withdraw skipper Elphick
after just an hour as the Cherries began to ease off.
Substitutes Junior Stanislas and Adam Smith did combine with
the latter's effort forcing Parish into a smart save with 15
minutes to go. Smith then ran past Dunne before the legs of
Parish kept out his effort. The Tangerines are the lowest
scorers in the division and failed to register a single shot on
target at the Goldsands. Blackpool striker Delfouneso went
closest when he headed wide on 78 minutes after Orlandi whipped
in a free-kick. The Cherries won 6-1 away at Blackpool in
December and almost echoed that goal haul when Stanislas and
Pitman both went close in the final minutes before Blackpool
defender Aldred blazed over his stoppage-time effort.

